---
layout: post
title:  "What"
date:   2015-12-28 23:25:00 -05:00
categories:
---

What. So evidently I haven't updated this in a while. (Thanks to [@brian-yu](https://github.com/brian-yu) for reminding
me that this even exists!) Winter break is more than halfway over and sad to say, I haven't done much. But having time
off of school to de-stress a little bit is important, too.

What have I learned about programming in the past few years? The most significant thing might be that since last year,
I've participated in several high-school level CTFs, which are capture-the-flag style computer security competitions.
From those, I've learned a bit about computer security — the most significant of which was probably learning how to read
assembly, which basically consisted of painful hours of poring over disassembly and googling everything.

Besides that, I've learned a bit of Python (from the AI class at my school) and C (from parallel computing). And I've
learned a bit more about algorithms — I did make it into platinum on USACO, but honestly, there is still so much that I
have yet to learn.

I affectionately refer to JavaScript as my "native language", because it was the first programming language that I
learned, and for quite some time, it was the only one that I knew. JavaScript has a ton of quirks that make it confusing
and frustrating at times, but doesn't everyone? :)

Sadly, I haven't really been able to keep up with what's going on in the JS/web community, because of school/time
constraints. But I'm aware that many feel that the web platform is simply moving forward too quickly, which leaves me,
of course, with utterly no idea what's going on. (For example, I don't even recognize half of what
[this piece](https://medium.com/@matthiasak/state-of-the-union-js-d664bdbffd14) is talking about.)

I might consider writing some actual posts in the next few days, hmm. But hopefully I'll also be more productive and
actually do stuff, because I certainly won't have time once school gets back into swing.

Final note: I'm committing this from the GitHub web interface because I'm lazy, but I'm not even sure if that'll work.

**Update:** Re-formatted a little. I also realized that I managed to write an entire post rambling about absolutely
nothing interesting at all. I guess you could say it's a skill that I have... sorry if it doesn't make sense.
